Xiao Chen, you can't make jokes like this.
Then if you are not a god
You put the ball with me
What happened to the wedding of the century yesterday?
And the Heavenly Zhixin he brought yesterday
What's going on?
Uncle, the necklace I wore that day was fake.
Not worth much.
As for this wedding, as far as I'm concerned
Six years ago?
I didn't record being a beggar when I celebrated
I happened to be in a Panlong car accident
I saved his life
He promised me then
Will grant me a wish
Your wish is to hold a wedding
Exactly.
As for the behind-the-scenes boss you mentioned
I heard that after the investment promotion meeting
People have left myopia
Not that
All of this.
It's all news hype
Then what?
I thought
The Su family has climbed to Shenhao
Apprentice is just around the corner
Laugh so much
Well, I have something to do, I'll go first
Mom and Dad are leaving
Don't worry about their little sister-in-law
I can eat.
Then I want to eat a chicken leg
Good dad will add it to you.
Eat, eat, you know to eat
Do you deserve to eat chicken thighs for a woman like you?
Just eat dog liver water
If my daughter pulls out your tongue